and as you can see this is very very
finely ground gonna masala I need only
two teaspoons of it for the recipe the
rest you can put in a jar and a tightly
little jar and put it away you can use
it for a lot of Indian food so once all
this is done I'm going to blend this
second marinate
once this second marinate has been
blended I will strain it because there
are lots of little pieces of onion and
garlic and ginger which I don't want you
want a fairly smooth sauce here I'm
going to push it through with a wooden
spoon as you can see there are large
chunks which I don't want so but you
want the juices from the onion and the
garlic and the ginger though you don't
want any chunks of any of those so you
push it through make sure you get all
the good juices out and then the chicken
will eventually go into this second
marinade but before I put the chicken in
I'm going to paint it now you've seen
tandoori chicken it has this red look
I'd like to tell you that the red look
comes from some wonderful Asian spice
but it doesn't it comes from food
coloring it's vegetable coloring so it's
not really harmful but if you don't want
to use it you don't have to I have here
three tablespoons of yellow liquid food
coloring and one and a half tablespoons
of red and I'm going to mix the two
together and then with this blend I'm
going to paint the same chicken that has
been sitting for 20 minutes in its first
marinade and don't worry about the brush
you can wash it off later paint both
sides just as I'm doing the first don't
leave any bits that are still white now
here I have some chicken two and a half
pounds actually that has been painted
already you will find that you have some
color left in in your bowl so pour it
into the marinade and stir it in
this chicken now can go into this
marinade it it's a good idea to handle
it with tongs at this stage because it
the color can come off in your fingers
so goes in and then stir it about in
this second marinade because you want
all this good marinade to get right down
to the bone and then once you've done
this the chicken can be covered with
cling film or something like that and
left in the refrigerator for 24 hours if
you can't do it for 24 hours 6 will do
but it's really a good idea to marinate
for 24 hours after 24 hours you take the
chicken out and you spread it in a
baking dish like this make sure that
there's room between the pieces and if
their juices there'll be a lot of
marinade and juices left in the bowl
just leave them there you don't need
them for this stage of the cooking now
it has to go in the oven and you heat
your oven to the highest temperature
this is to approximate a tandoor
thunderous ferocious the heat inside is
really very very fiery